[Bugfix]: Fix crypto P-224 curve bug by updating Go version to 1.14.14 (#5102)
kubevirt/kubevirt: docs/update-go-version.md

# How to update Go version 
A quick guide to update Kubevirt's Go version.

To update the Go version we need to update the builder image so that it uses the new version,
push it to the registry and finally let Kubevirt use the new builder image.

> In addition, Bazel has to be updated if the current version does not support the target Go version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, [go rules for bazel](https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_go) have to be updated if the current version does not support the target Go version.
```

* Change the `GIMME_GO` version in the [hack/builder/Dockerfile](../hack/builder/Dockerfile) to the desired Go version.
* Rebuild the builder image by executing `make builder-build`.
  
### Publishing builder image
* Publish new builder image with `make builder-publish`.
  * Note: Proper access rights are required in order to publish builder image.
  * When publish is finished, a SHA ID will be presented. It should look similar to:
    ```shell
    ...
    + docker manifest create --amend quay.io/kubevirt/builder:30-9.0.4 quay.io/kubevirt/builder:30-9.0.4-amd64
    Created manifest list quay.io/kubevirt/builder:30-9.0.4
    + docker manifest push quay.io/kubevirt/builder:30-9.0.4
    sha256:0e6807882debf6e3b482628cef2ef79493f99201d04e6000156545a2233117f2
    + cleanup
    + rm manifests/ -rf
    ```
* Change `KUBEVIRT_BUILDER_IMAGE` variable in [hack/dockerized](../hack/dockerized) to the SHA ID from the previous step.
* In [WORKSPACE](../WORKSPACE) change `go_version` to the desired Go version.
  * Should look similar to:
    ```shell
    go_register_toolchains(
        go_version = "1.14.14",
        nogo = "@//:nogo_vet",
    )
    ```

> ## Update Bazel Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update go rules for bazel
```

Reviewer: This change applies for the remaining paragraph also.
